C04 kks dialogue (#110)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c04/00/7/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//

> （ん？　昨日はあの後すぐ寝ちゃったのか、……っていうか、何だか下半身がムズムズして……）=(Nh? I really feel asleep fast after what we did last night... and now, my lower half feels all moist and warm...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
（ん？　昨日はあの後すぐ寝ちゃったのか、……っていうか、何だか下半身がムズムズして……）=(Nh? I really fell asleep fast after what we did last night... and now, my lower half feels all moist and warm...)
```

「って、うおっ！？」=“Huh, whoa!?”

> 「ふふっ、おはよう。……朝ごはん、先にいただいているわね」=“Fufu, morning... I'm having breakfast first.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「ふふっ、おはよう。……朝ごはん、先にいただいているわね」=“Fufu, morning... I'll be having breakfast first if you don't mind.”
```
